update-desktop-database: add page (#22766)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/update-desktop-database.md

# update-desktop-database

> Build the cache database of MIME types handled by desktop files.
> More information: <https://manned.org/update-desktop-database>.

- Update the desktop file MIME type cache for standard system directories:

`sudo update-desktop-database`

- Update the cache for a specific desktop file directory:

`update-desktop-database {{path/to/applications}}`

- Update the cache for multiple directories:

> `update-desktop-database {{path/to/applications1 path/to/applications2 ...}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update the cache for a specific desktop file directory:

`update-desktop-database {{path/to/directory}}`

- Update the cache for multiple directories:

`update-desktop-database {{path/to/directory1 path/to/directory2 ...}}`
```
This has more clarity

> - Update the cache without displaying progress information:

Reviewer: From my testing this doesn't inhibit progress information, but all output
